so
why are you going to kill rick sanchez
okay i don't know who that is
i don't accept your weird leap and logic
that has everyone on the train going to
kill one guy
i told you if you found me again
identify yourself i didn't know it was
you
how did you not recognize me didn't you
create the disguises why can't we find
the engine it's not a real train it's a
story device
literally tickets please dude i'm sure
you've got like so many tickets at this
point
here and the engine must be here i'll
have to rig us a couple of spacesuits
that start failing around here
great job morty the feminist masterpiece
matrix space frasier let's get this
fight over with nerd i've got [ __ ] to do
do we have to fight him i don't want to
we surrender we're not fighting your egg
don't worry morty nothing up there is
canon here you go
what's happening the reason i brought
you here i'll now fuel my anthology with
your limitless potential propellant
i trusted you don't blame others for
your bad decisions
[Music]
there's always someone there for us who
my best friend
and personal savior jesus christ what
you don't believe in god
born again jesus's name we pray amen
damn oh my lord and my god no
get the [ __ ] out of here what's gonna
happen to storylord he gets to spend
eternity in every writer's hell
the bible i don't know so what do you
think
wow where did you get this thing the
citadel of rick's gift shop so proud of
you i only wish you could have bought
more i
i love buying things so much morty rick
that was sweet thank you i love you
wanna get the [ __ ] out of here
father of almonds give me blood beyond
hey what the [ __ ] morty the train you
got me just completely derailed itself
buy another one morty
consume morty nobody's out there
shopping with this [ __ ] virus
i remember i was ugh in a cave looking
at some wet egg and
oh that probably did it i told you
okay yeah this might be a little harder
than i thought come on hurry up
seems like a self-destructive life cycle
is that going to happen to us
looks like i'm kind of a celebrity
around here the future is
warzo i did this you and the amazing
technology you both brought us
yeah makes sense why haven't you blinked
uh for 20 minutes and why uh
doesn't your mouth move when you talk
i hate this i hate all of this yeah keep
that feedback coming
it can only help
[Music]
summer was with us
there summer
shouldn't we be finding summer oh right
sorry empress
is everything all right um seize them
what the [ __ ] took you so long you left
me here we didn't know you were with us
the punishment is death [ __ ]
summer you had a plan silence shut up
yes
place them in the car and we shall drive
away from here and die she's trying to
escape with her family
my time to shine
maybe we uh maybe we don't tell people
about this one this is that morning
it's full circle from the pilot full
circle
oh i guess we uh i guess we both just
had to take a [ __ ] family
my time to shine
[Applause]
maybe we uh maybe we don't tell people
about this one this morning
it's full circle from the pilot full
circle
oh i guess we uh i guess we both just
had to take a [ __ ] anything goes wrong
which it won't
jump into the same vet of acid i jumped
it's the fat a fake acid amongst the
real ones it's got air hoses and a
compartment of bones at the bottom show
them the crystals morty
i'll make lots of money with these i'll
make lots of those with these
well those are fake this is [ __ ] blue
that's right we're screwed
let's just end it quick death come on oh
man
just admit it was a shitty idea having a
grandson
that a fake acid are you dying of
dementia oh
my video game style place-saving device
oh
my god sounds good or maybe i'll just
kill you what
because i [ __ ] did it explain or you
want to go have some fun i want to have
some
fun oh my god
[Music]
which is great but then i started
wondering what am i living for
what am i building if i'm always looking
back i'm never looking ahead over it's
not a do-over you just
did it over and over what are you saying
what did you do
it wasn't so much a do-over as it was
isolating a moment in time splitting
your probable selves and shunting you
into a near-duplicate equally probable
reality transporting you into it at the
moment of parallel determination every
time you relive the satisfying fart
that's how many mortys you've
incinerated you greedy little
listen to me explain in great scientific
detail how it all works or you could
have fun
let me just sync these up and get you
back to your dimension wait so so you're
not even my rick
then then why do you know about the vet
every rick has a vat please step back
that bat is full of acid
it'll melt you completely leaving only
your bones
don't ever make fun of me again ever
all right come on morty let's go home
wait what what kind of parents drag
their kids away for the entire week of
spring break
i met someone just kill me grandpa rick
you can kill anything
grandpa's ghosting someone i'm not
ghosting hey give it back summer nick
please
answer me i'm proud can we turn the
radio on i am not letting you abandon
those kids like you abandoned me
where is she you're looking at her i
[ __ ] the planet
hey uh gaia baby big daddy rick is here
what's the problem
i'm coming kids need father yeah um baby
quicks how big is your orbit again do it
at least do it right
gaia baby gonna need a little raw iron
and steam whatever you need baby
summer morty go camp with your father
you've been high roading us non-stop
forcing us to do nothing in the middle
of [ __ ] nowhere because it's the only
way you're gonna level the playing field
isn't it
unproductive yeah dj's foodies if [ __ ]
will hold the human resources department
kids may not be mine but you definitely
are
look at you my little steampunk
okay here we go
[Applause]
it's good to see you baby rick the kids
i messed up you are not their father
kidding me god is the father
i think you should go seriously you
really want this pile of dry
ice to raise your kids you label these
creatures unproductive but i have given
them more purpose than ever
please not in front of the kids
see my true form the clouds were simply
a shape more
appealing to gaia's mind
just admit this is about you wanting to
feel needed
fine school's in [ __ ]
oh are we dead did we die i don't ever
want to be high again rose you saved
grandpa's life i [ __ ] love you
so much
what did you do okay yeah she's pissed i
mean you killed her slam piece grandpa
well kids never thought i'd say this but
summer you were right wait what i
thought i wanted to teach you guys about
tents
but really i just wanted to feel
important
my name is beth smith tell your top bugs
the defiance lives on break
don't you ever miss her i don't have to
miss it i'm technically still there
my dad made a perfect clone of me to
take my place i'm sure
unless you want me to remove the
proximity triggered device from your
neck
i think it's a bomb honey you're back
you seem surprised
and whip me up a reason not to kill you
dad dad
the device in her neck would have
transferred a database of her memories
to your device before vaporizing her
so much for that plan she is a copy of
you if she ran back to that dingleberry
that's on you
so we overrode the game we came back to
murder you not get your notes but i'll
remember to fart more while i'm saving
the galaxy
everybody in the galaxy tries to take
over the galaxy the trick is to be left
alone by whoever succeeds
the galactic federation will blow up the
planet unless some woman with a very
boring game gives her oh [ __ ] they're
going to track down beth
ray beth's clone what did i say
it really was nice seeing you again
as much as i'd like to kill you my
superiors have some questions about the
defiance oh god
i'm a clone tammy this is the office
where my family works to better itself
he told me you're the clone what do you
think he told me no this is bad
parenting but if you stop fighting you
both get mcdonald's
whatever take them both
you made me go to a wedding
and you killed my best i'm gonna rescue
your mom and her clone without revealing
which is which you two find the nx5 and
shut it down
it is now phoenix person you're working
for them
[Music]
step back you're not killing him till we
kick his ass
fired i was told you were dead
i'll forgive you for abandoning us if
you let me drive it oh works for me i
was just gonna give you space cigarettes
what's this dad the memory of which beth
is real and which beth is a clone
obviously
you mind blue yourself you you literally
don't even know which of your daughters
is real you got to at least want to know
who your real mom is
not really rick we have two badass moms
now that's kind of
[Music]
a terrible father